Add auto updater for diagrams. (#41)
dart-lang/leak_tracker: CONTRIBUTING.md

We pledge to maintain an open and welcoming environment. For details, see our
[code of conduct](https://dart.dev/code-of-conduct).

## Regenerate Dependency Diagrams

The [LayerLens](https://github.com/polina-c/layerlens) diagrams

> will be auto-regenerared by GitHub after eash push to main branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be auto-regenerated by GitHub after each push to main branch.
```
